docs: complete sentence documenting turning on parserOptions.project (#7052)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/linting/Typed_Linting.mdx

The `parserOptions.project` option can be turned on with either:

- `true`: to always use `tsconfig.json`s nearest to source files

> - `string | string[]`: any number of glob paths to match TSConfig files relative to `parserOptions.tsconfigRootDir`, or the CWD if that is not provided

Reviewer: > CWD

[Suggestion] My only concern here is that some users won't know what _"CWD"_ refers to. What do you think about explicitly saying it?

```suggestion
- `string | string[]`: any number of glob paths to match TSConfig files relative to `parserOptions.tsconfigRootDir`, or the current working directory if that is not provided
```

Author: Thanks for the review! Yes, sure that sounds good to me, please see [7cb4d25](https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/pull/7052/commits/7cb4d2590ef3de758834c34b4e96bade01ba6234) 🙂
